Docs: Settings pages (#4425)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Workspace/workspace-overview.md

---

> title: Workspace Concepts

Reviewer: Use sentence case

sidebar_position: 1
slug: /workspace-overview
---

> The **Workspace** is where you create AI applications by connecting and running components in flows.

Reviewer: Do not capitalize this.

The workspace controls allow you to adjust your view and lock your flows in place.

## Components

A **component** is a single building block within a flow and consists of inputs, outputs, and parameters that define its functionality.

To add a component to your flow, drag it from the sidebar onto the workspace.

To connect components, drag a line from the output handle (⚪) of one component to the input handle of another.

For more information, see [How to build flows with components](/components-overview).

## Playground

The **Playground** executes the current flow in the workspace.

Chat with your flow, view inputs and outputs, and modify your AI's memories to tune your responses in real time.

Any input or output component can be opened in the **Playground** and tested in real time.

For more information, see the [Playground](/workspace-playground).

## API

The **API** pane provides code templates to integrate your flows into external applications.

> For more information, see the [API](/workspace-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [API documentation](/workspace-api).
```

## Collections, Folders, and Projects

The **My Collection** page displays all the flows and components you've created in the Langflow Workspace.

Your **collection** is the top-level categorization for all of your projects.

### My Projects

**My Projects** is the default folder where all new projects and components are initially stored.

* To create a new folder, click 📁 **New Folder**.

To rename a folder, double-click the folder name.

To download a folder, click 📥 **Download**.

> To upload a folder, click 📤 **Upload**.

Reviewer: This is stating the obvious. Can you provide any info that's not obvious, for example is there a maximum number of folders, can you delete the default folder, etc.

Collections, folders, projects, and flows are exchanged as JSON objects.

> To move a file, drag and drop it into the desired folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To move a flow or component, drag and drop it into the desired folder.
```

## Options menu

The dropdown menu labeled with the project name offers several management and customization options for the current flow in the Langflow Workspace.

* **New**: Create a new flow from scratch.

> * **Settings**: Adjust settings specific to the current flow, such as its Name, Description, and Endpoint Name.

Reviewer: You don't need to capitalize name, description, or endpoint name.

* **Logs**: View logs for the current project, including execution history, errors, and other runtime events.

> * **Import**: Import a flow or component from a JSON file into the Workspace.

Reviewer: You don't need to capitalize workspace.
